hi i'm cory haynes and welcome to global
day of code retreat
code retreat started almost four years
ago and has grown from a single event to
this global day of code retreat this is
a truly amazing day where over 500
developers are gathering across the
earth in more than 150 events
more than 140 cities and 40 countries
across 20 time zones
we're here to practice the craft of
software development
when we first had the idea for code
retreat we never thought it would become
something like this and i'm honored and
excited that all of you are taking part
this is really made possible by all of
you who are willing to spend a saturday
with your fellow developers
make sure to thank your hosts and
facilitators for giving their time to
make your event as wonderful as it's
going to be
and most of all have a great time
we all love coding and practicing with
our fellow developers promises to make
this truly a day like no other so
thanks again for coming and have an
amazing time today